Ah!
Are there really mermaids?
It's so pretty.
It's a miracle of the creator
You are the one who set me free
Then you are mine
beauty
Mermaid
How is that possible?
I thought it was just a myth
I didn't expect it to really exist.
Chen Tianshi, look at Chen Tianshi
Is it really because of this?
In fact, if you feel unwell these two days
Make sure to break that wrench for him
It might save your life
Yeah.
Chen Tianshi, are you alright?
I just passed out.
Hurry up and invite the bridge over
Yeah, gross
You don't belong here.
I'm going to put you back in the ocean.
No, I don't agree.
I have signed it, you don't want it.
I'm leaving. Come home with me.
I drove the mermaid
It's not up to you to deal with it
You lose.
Who said we lost?
Who made our bet just now?
Who wins the big clam bead?
This thing is helping him, isn't it?
So say
Or did we win?
Hey you cheated
Home
The heavier the wind and waves, the more expensive the rain, do you understand?
There's no wind.
Where did the waves come from?
Rules are rules
So we won.
Well, give me the money.
willing to admit defeat
What money is open of course 10 million
Humph 10 million
No, if not.
Just take the mermaid for fun?
Somebody do it.
What are you doing stop
Stop me